feat:(Content:CSS): [accent-color] Add html elements supported in some browsers (#28762)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/accent-color/index.md

- [`<input type="range">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range)
- [`<progress>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/progress)

> Each user agent has an accent color, with variations to ensure legibility and
> contrast. That accent color is not used by every user-interface control nor in
> every state of the control. The `accent-color` is only applied to user-interface
> controls that use an accent color in the states where it is applicable.

Reviewer: [Proofreading] I changed some of the words a bit to make the description clearer. 
```suggestion
Each user agent has an accent color with variations to ensure legibility and
contrast. That accent color is not used by every user-interface control nor in
every state of the control. Also, the `accent-color` is only applied to user-interface
controls that use an accent color in the states where it is needed.
```

Reviewer 2: @CBID2 I don't think these changes make the content any clearer. The grammar is no better, and there is potentially a subtle semantic difference between "where it is applicable" and "where it is needed" that you can't assess without understanding the subtleties of the specification.

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying @hamishwillee

- [`<input type="range">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range)
- [`<progress>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/progress)

> There are some other HTML elements that may work in some browsers like:

Reviewer 3: instead of keeping a list that needs to be updated and maintained, that doesn't have a corresponding BCD to help identify which browsers support accent-color on which UI controls, I suggest editing line 14. 

> Browsers that support `accent-color` currently apply it to the following HTML elements: 

can read

```md
 User agents will apply the specified `accent-color` on user-interface controls where they would normally provide an accent color, including: 
 
- [`<input type="checkbox">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/checkbox)
- [`<input type="radio">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio)
- [`<input type="range">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/range)
- [`<progress>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/progress)

Each user agent has an accent color, with variations to ensure legibility and contrast. That accent color is not used by every user-interface control nor in every state of the control. The `accent-color` is only applied to user-interface controls that use an accent color in the states where it is applicable.
```
